REF29009M - Azure / AWS Cloud On Premise - 4-8 years - Assistant Manager - Cloud Server Support
Godrej & Boyce Complex, Plant 5, Gate No 2, LBS Marg, Vikhroli (W), Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Full-time
Company Description
Company Description

WNS (Holdings) Limited (NYSE: WNS), is a leading Business Process Management (BPM) company. We combine our deep industry knowledge with technology and analytics expertise to co-create innovative, digital-led transformational solutions with clients across 10 industries. We enable businesses in Travel, Insurance, Banking and Financial Services, Manufacturing, Retail and Consumer Packaged Goods, Shipping and Logistics, Healthcare, and Utilities to re-imagine their digital future and transform their outcomes with operational excellence.

We deliver an entire spectrum of BPM services in finance and accounting, procurement, customer interaction services and human resources leveraging collaborative models that are tailored to address the unique business challenges of each client. We co-create and execute the future vision of 400+ clients with the help of our 44,000+ employees. Our global footprint spans 16 countries with 61 delivery centers worldwide including in China, Costa Rica, India, the Philippines, Poland, Romania, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Turkey, United Kingdom and the United States.

Website : www.wns.com

Job Description
Should have a good verbal and written communication.
Candidates having both (Windows & Non-Windows) OS knowledge will be added advantages.
 Should have good working knowledge of Virtualization Hypervisors. VMware, Hyper-V would be preferred ones.
Should have good grasping power and willingness to learn and acquire knowledge about the technologies they might have not worked upon, however it called for.
More than 3+ Years of experience in working in Amazon AWS or Microsoft Azure.
Should have prior experience of around 2+ years working on On-Premise Server deployments & Windows / Linux Operating System.
Should be well versed with all the Services being offered within AWS & Azure Cloud.
Should have worked in AWS services such as - VPC, EC2, S3, ELB, etc.,
Should have worked in Azure services such as Vnet, VMs, Resource groups, Load balancers, Storage. Etc.
Should have basic understanding about Networking Components and its functionality. • Knowledge of other services on Public cloud, IaaS, PaaS platform
 Ability to conceptualize a Cloud solution based on above tools.
Should be able to do solution designing for any requirements along with creating BOQs.
Ability to work on Linux hardening, patching.
Knowledge of logging, monitoring, alerting systems.
Should have knowledge about some scripting language
Should possess good troubleshooting skills and resolve issues quickly.
Qualifications
• Managing Escalations

• Mentoring Shift Engineers

• Ready to work in shift or off hours whenever required

• Ability to create template based doc. Such as SOPs, RCA

• Escalation and troubleshooting of Infrastructure specific incidents from Service Desk & Incident Management.

• Maintaining and updating infrastructure design/build document sets

• Should have worked under ITIL Framework.

• Automate the mundane tasks.

Additional Information
1. Willing to work in rotational shifts.
2. Willing to work extended hours during any crisis situation or on demand basis.
3. Willing to get into the Root Cause of any issues, possess good Troubleshooting Skills.
भारतीय रक्षा अनुसंधान एवं विकास संगठन (DRDO) ने शुक्रवार यानी 27 जनवरी 2023 को ओडिशा तक के पास हाइपरसोनिक टेक्नोलॉजी डिमॉन्सट्रेटर व्हीकल (Hypersonic ... https://www.aajtak.in/science/story/drdo-test-hypersonic-vehicle-weapon-of-future-all-you-need-to-know-about-tstrd-1624752-2023-01-27